Replace wiki documentation to .md files in Earhart branch (#460)
Ericsson/CodeCompass: docs/start_codecompass_webserver.md

> You can start the codecompass webserver by using the CodeCompass with server parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start the CodeCompass webserver by using `CodeCompass.py` with the `server` subcommand.
```

-p PORT, --port PORT                        Port number on which webserver listens. The default value is 8080.
-e EXTRA, --extra EXTRA                     Extra arguments passed to the CodeCompass webserver.
-s, --stop                                  If this flag is given, then the CodeCompass webserver belonging to the
                                            given workspace stops.
-c CHECKERPORT, --checkerport CHECKERPORT   The port number on which CodeChecker server will listen. The default value
                                            is 8081. For using CodeChecker the CODECHECKER_HOME environment variable
                                            has to contain the path of the CodeChecker' directory.
--dbhost DBHOST                             Address of the PgSQL server. The default value is  "localhost".
--dbhost DBPORT                             Port of the PgSQL server. The default value is 5432.
--dbhost DBUSER                             User name for the PgSQL server. The default value is "postgres".
--dbhost DBPASS                             Password file for the PgSQL server.
```

# :sparkles: Usage Example:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
